Rewrite sum-of-multiples (#23)
kytrinyx/problem-specifications: exercises/sum-of-multiples/instructions.md

# Instructions

Your task is to write the code that calculates the energy points that get awarded to players when they complete a level.

The points awarded depend on two things:

- the number of the level that the player completed
- the base value of each magical item collected by the player during that level

The energy points are awarded according to the following rules:

- For each magical item, take the base value and find all the multiples of that value that are less than or equal to the level number.
- Combine the sets of numbers.
- Remove any duplicates.
- Calculate the sum of all the numbers that are left.

> For example, let's say that the player completed level 20 and found two magical items with base values of 3 and 5.
> 
> To calculate the energy points earned by the player, we need to find all the unique multiples of these base values that are less than or equal to level 20.
> 
> For the base value of 3, the multiples less than or equal to 20 are: 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, and 20.
> 
> For the base value of 5, the multiples less than or equal to 20 are: 5, 10, 15, and 20.
> 
> To find the unique multiples, we can combine these two sets of multiples and remove any duplicates:
> 
> {3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20}
> 
> The sum of all these unique multiples is:
> 
> 3 + 5 + 6 + 9 + 10 + 12 + 15 + 18 + 20 = 98
> 
> Therefore, the player earns 98 energy points for completing level 20 and finding the two magical items with base values of 3 and 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look an example;

- The player completed level 20 and found two magical items with base values of 3 and 5.
- To calculate the energy points earned by the player, we need to find all the unique multiples of these base values that are less than or equal to level 20.
- For the base value of 3, the multiples less than or equal to 20 are: 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, and 20.
- For the base value of 5, the multiples less than or equal to 20 are: 5, 10, 15, and 20.
- To find the unique multiples, we can combine these two sets of multiples and remove any duplicates: `{3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20}`
- The sum of all these unique multiples is: `3 + 5 + 6 + 9 + 10 + 12 + 15 + 18 + 20 = 98`
- Therefore, the player earns **98** energy points for completing level 20 and finding the two magical items with base values of 3 and 5.
```

This will shorten it a lot when rendered, plus I think it's more comprehensable.

> # Instructions

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we could shorten this slightly? It's quite big at the moment.

Author: Yeah, it's super long. This is the only story I could come up with that made sense with the calculation, but I'm not sure how to keep it comprehensible while cutting it down.
